Update nva-accelerated-connections.md (#120562)
Azure/azure-content: articles/networking/nva-accelerated-connections.md

* Central US
* South UK
* West Europe
* Central India

## Supported SKUs

> This feature is supported on all SKUs supported by [Accelerated Networking](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-network/accelerated-networking-overview) except the Dv5 VM family, which isn't yet supported during limited GA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is supported on all SKUs supported by [Accelerated Networking](../virtual-network/accelerated-networking-overview.md) except the Dv5 VM family, which isn't yet supported during limited GA.
```
